[Core][Dashboard] Memory profiling on Ray dashboard (#41537)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/profiling.md

Here are the {ref}`steps to profile the memory usage of Ray Tasks and Actors <memray-profiling>`.

#### Ray Dashboard View

> You can now do memory profiling for Ray Driver or Worker processes in Ray dashboard, by clicking on the "Memory profiling” actions for active Worker processes, Tasks, Actors, and Job’s driver process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now do memory profiling for Ray Driver or Worker processes in the Ray Dashboard, by clicking on the "Memory profiling” actions for active Worker processes, Tasks, Actors, and a Job’s driver process.
```

![memory profiling action](../images/memory-profiling-dashboard-view.png)

> Additionally, you can specify the following profiling memray parameters from the dashboard view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can specify the following profiling Memray parameters from the dashboard view:
```

- **Format:** Format of the profiling result. The value is either "flamegraph" or "table"
- **Duration:** Duration to track for (in seconds)

> - **Leaks:** Enables Memory Leaks View, where memory that was not deallocated is displayed, instead of peak memory usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Leaks:** Enables the Memory Leaks View, which displays memory that Ray didn't deallocate, instead of peak memory usage
```

> - **Natives:** Track native (C/C++) stack frames (only supported in linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Natives:** Track native (C/C++) stack frames (only supported in Linux)
```
